everyone's Keith dare see again for
Dobie tutorials here this is a follow-up
to the making most best tool point of
profile private because a myspace being
the way they had have gotten changed the
way it works or a lot of you being at
confused and not being able to do it so
I'm going to show you how to make a new
myspace to put our private so first
thing you don't go to myspace and sign
it as usual and that's before go to the
profile tab hover over that and select
Customize profile
there we go it brings up the customize
profile page you get same as before only
thing that's really cheers is the saw
the icons on the way it works down there
so if you scroll down to the parts of
the profile that we're actually going to
edit you'll see we've got the things
they're like interests blurbs and stuff
like that like asthma fives to heart
click on any get up pencil although it's
changed when you click other the items
if you want to make them private click
on the padlock here and opening up the
privacy options they'll give you a
chance shots of everybody friends only
just me and you can set out a card to
set this to friends only so I'm gonna
friends could see it if you click apply
to our modules and apply changes then
now everything every module will have
everything I'm appeared is private and
under my friends can see it that's now
done if you didn't want to select the
apply changes box you can just go
through each individual item like Fred
Spears and things like that and choose
privacy like I see it just choose the
padlock and then set the option of what
you want it to be and then click apply
changes as simple as that so I hope you
found this yields for the layup everyone
can do it easy enough and i'll put that
amidation on the old one part into this
tutorial thanks very much for watching
you